# King and Knights
This system is a concurrent simulator which is about Knights sharing their adventure with other knights and King Arthur and is implemented by Java Language. The program can show the trace of events and continue to run if not stopped manually. I will describe this system through implementation, critical design and evaluation.

In this system, there are seven threads running simultaneously, including King Arthur thread, four knight threads, producer thread, and consumer thread. King Arthur thread manages the meeting through functions in Hall class, he will wait until all knights entering the Great Hall sit down, and then meeting begins, and only all knights acquire new quests and stand up from the Round Table can meeting end, then he can leave the Great Hall. For knight threads, they can only enter the Great Hall when King Arthur hasn’t entered, and they can sit around the Round Table after entering the Great Hall. They can acquire new quest after they release their completed quest during the meeting, and then stand up from the Round Table. After meeting ends and King exits the Great Hall, knights will leave to complete their adventure. Therefore, in the knight class, there are some variables for every knight’s status, such as variable ‘enteredHall’ which is to show whether the knight enters the Great hall, the same as variable ‘sitDown’, and variable ‘quest’ which is the acquired quest, after being released, it will be null. Producer thread can add new agenda quests when the number of the new quests is not greater than the number of knights, otherwise, it must wait. Similarly, the consumer thread can remove the completed quests when the number of the quests is not zero. The Agenda Class is to manage all quests in the new agenda and complete agenda. The Hall class is to manage the process of events. Both Agenda and Hall manage the critical resources of this system.
